[Music]
hey toy fans and welcome to a very
exciting mystery surprise egg opening
here on toy review TV I do have five
eggs in front of me as you can see so
let's get on with opening them up these
will cost around one pound each you may
see shopping centers or moles put your
parent poignant dollar ever currency you
do have in your country and then it will
give you your choice so we do have
instructions on this one so I will no
construc this and see exactly what it
looks like and here it is the red bird
from Angry Birds and it is a puzzle
eraser 3d puzzle arosa there are lots of
little parts to this bus how cool is
that for one pound they you can see the
say on the top of there
it raises like a 3d puzzle so that is
pretty cool
for such a small price so next up we
shall go with this one this orange one
and this is a super speed bike so and
there you can see all these super speed
bikes from team Hot Wheels and there are
eight this implies two plaits and we
have the red one you can turn the front
wheel on this one and it will have a
wheel on the back so if you push this
forward this is a motorized wheel it
will carry on and it does steer on it so
word to see that steering will turn that
is actually really cool for such a small
price so we are doing very well so far
we have two really cool products so fast
on to the third one get this open this
orange one
and inside we have this very aeroplane
so very confusing this is some kind of a
slingshot aeroplane the exceed is a
highway robbery design and it looks like
you just hold this and fling it but it's
it isn't very good as compared to the
other ones you would really need a
slingshot to go with this and then you
will be able to fire it forwards like
that so that is the worst one so far
this gets onto this blue one we have
here again all these were a payment and
that this looks really cool inside we
have this a musket
it's called tint with the chain on it as
well we have become puppy pals and mini
tins with puppy figurine inside this is
series 3 and it says it adopts all 1414
puppies to adults and they're inside
these are tiny little puppy the detail
on the puppy isn't degradable for a
pound
you can't expect too much but the tin is
really cool that sees it really really
call for keeping anything in there that
you would want to and you can also put
that on your keys or your bag or
anything you want to say could store
anything in there so that's it is they
call the little thing on its own hand
the last one we have is you Scalia this
is just put it on the top and the inside
the part that looks to be
little LED door with a little plastic
bullets so it looks like you put your
bullets in there and then pull back and
the fire how I do believe unless you
tell it at Riga yes we have a trigger
there and if you pull the trigger
that should fire itself but it's not
really doing anything as oh dear oh dear
guys oh dear
can you put more than one bullet in this
you can maybe it will work if we put
more bullets in ah there you go
so let's put that bullet back in and
then pull the trigger and our little
bullet should come flying out yes not
very good is it guys it's getting jammed
and all kinds of things here no not very
very oh okay one of our bullets did a
fly off quite fast then it's not very
good but let's try again let's put two
bullets in there it seems to work if you
pull this back keeps firing it there you
go
if you pull this back it does activate
the bullets and pull the trigger at the
same time but it isn't a very good side
but when it works the bullets do go
flying out you just need to really keep
working with it until the bullets do you
go flying out so there you go that is
what we got in our 5 eggs my favourite
of all has to be this Angry Birds puzzle
eraser and then my second favorite is
this really cool bike which stays on its
own that is awesome and then third
favorite is the poppy and then fourth
the gun and then lastly this
weird-looking aeroplane a flingy toy
well guys thanks very much for tuning
into this egg opening please do feel
free to write comment and subscribe and
I will see you all next time here on
tour your review TV
[Music]